hi guys Paul Young and we're going to
run through the basic lad of the nice
thirty-two board and the sort of wiring
that we're using and how we go about
getting telemetry back to the Tyrannis
radio so firstly we've got two Portilla
this one is one from abuse mark and
basically from Japan and this one is the
hobbyking version so both look pretty
much the same in the lads pretty much
identical other than a couple of
components but we run through the basic
layout now the outside of the board all
these pins on the outside and over here
as you can see and out there are all
going to be negative so keep that in
mind okay so this will represent motor
one moto2 moto3 motor fault so we'll
then to solver in some pin headers for
that and we'll also need to solder in
some pin headers for this region also
which is where we get our symmetry and
run our passover etc in my current
configuration layer I'm running one two
three four of these
and they're connected to my es es and
only one of the es es is providing power
back to the board on the other ones I've
actually cut the positive lead on the
actual air T so only one of them is
actually connected to the board in this
house providing power to the board now
over on this side I'm only using three
these three pads one two and three and
they go straight to the PPM on my D for
our 2 receiver and I don't actually
solder it any pin headers on this I'm
just going to solve it directly to the
board and over here in this region here
we're going to run three connections and
keep in mind the negative is on the
outside so the first one is going to be
to your battery and this will go to your
power distribution and this will allow
the 9:32 to monitor the power level on
your battery the second one will be a
buzzer now I'm using the same buzzer
that's in a kk2 board that's
we had lying around yes I'm using those
buzzers and once again you put your
negative and you've got your positive up
here
and finally this will go to your default
art to BC bar and you've got your
negative and this will be your um your
green wire works you connect to this
from the d4r to receiver so this is the
basic wiring using the UM nice
thirty-two connected to my C gx-250 so
what we've got firstly is these Armani
connectors that go to my ppm out from
the default up to receiver and here you
can see the connection into the depot r2
and then we also have which are going to
see this we also have our four es es
connected here and only one of these is
supplying power to the 932 and finally
towards the rear here what you can see
is the first servo connector is going
straight to my power distribution board
the second one is actually going to my
brother and finally this last one is
actually going also to my default are
two receiver and it's connecting to the
black and the green wire that comes out
of the receiver and that will actually
send the dilemma tree back to the
default r2 which will in turn send it
back to the taranis radio so that's the
basic wiring inside the quadcopter
so here we have the nice 32 acro board
along with the pin headers and also a
server lead now this is the hobbyking
nice thirty-two board that I spoke about
earlier on and this is all completely
soldered up and this is the sort of
finish that we're actually after to
something nice and neat nice clean
solder joints that look nice and which
so what we need to do now is basically
insert the pin headers into the PCB
board now the pin here is I've got come
in there lots of this there's six pin
headers so there's four groups of these
that I've got a solver in so what I'm
going to do first is put them in place
and let's get these guys in here and one
they're in place what I want to do is
carefully turn this over and place it
facedown on to the board
you're just got to be careful it
actually drop any out of there if you
can and just position it in place and
then what you want to do is actually
hold the PCB down with something and
here I'm using my solder assistant
that's just this thing that's got two
alligator clips on it and just helps
hold wires etc so once I've got that in
place the next thing you want to do is
solder in place at least one pin from
each one of those pin headers and the
reason for that is we don't want to
solve the whole lot in place just yet
and the reason being that in case you
haven't got it seated down properly then
it could become an issue desoldering a
whole upper jaw rivet if it's only one
solder joint you can easily push it down
with your finger and read with the
remelt the solder and then I'll reseat
the actual pin headers so that's a
theory there so once you've actually got
each one of them sold it up what you
want to do is flip the board over and
just confirm that you've got these pin
in pin headers sitting nice and neatly
into the PCB board nice and flat and
they're hard up against the piece of e
like that so once you know they're
pretty much in place and they look fine
the next step is really basically put it
back down in position again use
something to hold it down and once
you've actually held the board down what
you want to do is solder in each one of
them there's no specific sequence you
need to go through it's just a matter of
getting nice clean wet joints now over
here as you can see I'm using a very
very fine tip soldering iron and
actually that sorry I should have been
claimed that it's actually quite awkward
trying to do this with a camera right
over the PCB board so I'm sort of trying
to work around it so hence I look a
little bit awkward I'm doing it but this
is you're watching this in real time and
this is the speed at which you would
actually solve up as you can see I've
whipped the actual soldering iron a bit
there just to get better heat transfer
so this year the theory is actually
pretty simple what you want to do is
heat the actual surface then apply the
actual this is slide down L so what I'm
doing is heating the surface and I dab
just a touch of solar on to the actual
soldering iron and that will allow the
heat to transfer to the pin and also the
pad and once it's actually trained
let's heat it up as you can see I can
apply solder to it and it's pretty much
good to go and the rest of it I'm going
to solder up now in real time so it's
exactly how it is that I'm doing it so
the process is actually pretty quick
so we'll go through and solve the rest
of these guys up I'll let you watch a
few more in real time and then what
we'll do is speed this video up
so that's pretty much it it's all sold
it up and we're pretty much good to go
all we need to do now is flip the board
over and then once we've got it flipped
over we need to tin these three pads for
the PPM and the same process exactly a
little bit of solder than apply more
solder once you get good heat transfer
and that's pretty much good to go then
it's just a matter of soldering in place
the servo connector and the way that's
done keep in mind to have actually
tinned these already that's already
these wires already pretent so keep that
in mind I'm not just melting them
straight into the solver so that's
pretty much it it's all soldered in
place and the board is pretty much good
to go ready to go into your multi rotor
and as you can see we've got nice clean
solder joints underneath and that's
pretty much what we're after and we'll
continue on with part two in the next
video anyway thanks for taking time to
watch this video I hope you enjoy that
and catch you guys later